Web3.js Plugin Tooling Guide (#937)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/build/tutorials/tooling-guides/web3js.md

```

This command installs the latest version of Web3.js and the zkSync plugin for Web3.js and adds them to your project's dependencies.

## Initial Setup

### Initialization

Before using the zkSync plugin for Web3.js, you need to [initialize Web3 with a provider](https://docs.web3js.org/#initialize-web3-with-a-provider) and [register the plugin](https://docs.web3js.org/guides/web3_plugin_guide/plugin_users#registering-the-plugin).

#### Example

```javascript
import { Web3 } from "web3";
import { ZkSyncPlugin } from "web3-plugin-zksync";

const zkSyncRpcUrl: string = "https://sepolia.era.zksync.dev";

console.log(`📞 Connecting to zkSync Era [${zkSyncRpcUrl}]`);
const web3: Web3 = new Web3(zkSyncRpcUrl);
web3.registerPlugin(new ZkSyncPlugin());
```

:::info

- This examples uses the zkSync Sepolia testnet.

:::

### Ethereum JSON-RPC API

Use the Web3.js `eth` package to fetch data from the zkSync [Ethereum JSON-RPC API](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc).

#### Fetch the Latest Block Number

```javascript
const blockNumber = await web3.eth.getBlockNumber();
console.log(`Current block number: ${blockNumber}`);
```

### zkSync L2-Specific JSON-RPC API

> The zkSync plugin for Web3.js implements the L2-specific [zkSync JSON-RPC API](https://docs.zksync.io/build/api.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The zkSync plugin for Web3.js implements the zkSync-specific methods from the `zks_` namespace of the [JSON-RPC API](https://docs.zksync.io/build/api.html#zksync-era-json-rpc-methods).
```
